:memo: Steps to setup orca in local is updated (#60)
orcaci/orca: README.md

## **Installation**

1.  Install the Rust compiler and toolchain following the instructions at [https://www.rust-lang.org/](https://www.rust-lang.org/)

> 2.  Clone the Orca repository: ```git clone https://github.com/[username]/orca.git```

Reviewer: Add a fork block

> 2.  Clone the Orca repository: ```git clone https://github.com/[username]/orca.git```
> 3.  Change into the Orca directory: ```cd orca```
> 4.  Create a new file named **cargo.toml** under .cargo/ directory and copy the contents
>     of **.cargo/config.local.toml**.  ```cp .cargo/config.local.toml .cargo/config.toml```
> 5.  Now run start.sh file to run orca. ```bash start.sh```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Install docker in your system following the instructions at [https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/]
3.  Go to this repo [https://github.com/orcaci/orca] and fork this repository
4. Clone the Orca repository: ```git clone https://github.com/[username]/orca.git```
5.  Change into the Orca directory: ```cd orca```
6.  Copy the config file ```cp .cargo/config.local.toml .cargo/config.toml``` or  Create a new file named **cargo.toml** under .cargo/ directory and add your own secrets 
7.  Now run start.sh file to start orca. ```bash start.sh```
```
